hi huh bark is here along with our
senior editor Eric at home with more of
our pro football weekly way we hear it
and the store had a Philadelphia is
Asante Samuel is not a happy camper went
on local radio this past Tuesday and my
favorite part of the quote was when you
refer to himself is I'll do what I have
to do to play as long as I'm a
philadelphia eagle but asante samuel is
a business entity first he's not happy
about trade rumors that the Eagles tried
to deal him we know to the Lions maybe a
couple other teams it'll be just to see
how Andy Reid in that front office for
yet and they did try to move them the
offer you know took in offers and saw
what they could get for him didn't like
it and they said all right we'll keep
our three corners will stay with Nnamdi
Asomugha and DRC a corner they haven't
used him a lot but Samuel felt really
slighted and it's amazing how his story
changed before he talked to Andy Reid he
came back and said that was a business
thing Andy tried to explain it to me so
we're cool now but obviously there were
some heard he goes there now we reported
here a couple weeks ago it's been
reported across the country that the New
York Jets have problems in their locker
room and they do have a few but what
we're hearing now is it's not as bad as
first reported what it is simply is that
Santonio Holmes apparently likes to hear
himself talk and we hear from a number
of his teammates and a lot of them just
don't listen yeah I think it's easy to
tune out certain guys in that locker
room and they made it move they trade a
derrick mason i think that was so with
that in mind of you know cleaning out
some of the bad influences that were
there but look one win can really make
things happy to that big victory over
san diego coming back from 11 points
seems to cure a lot of ills in new york
and the reason that brandon Moore fired
back at him a couple weeks ago was to
let the public know the jets talking
that's just santonio flapping his gums
once in a while finally in New Orleans
no defensive wolves last Sunday night
hey let's face it that was a colts team
that's gone home the Saints have had
problems on defense and what we hear too
many injuries to Jonathan Vilma and
Tracy Porter who could be an all-pro
corner if he can stay healthy and
Patrick Robinson starting to look like
not worth the first round draft choice
they usually you know we haven't seen
Robinson play well so it's no shock but
when you hear guys like Porter's Super
Bowl heroes I mean it was a huge in that
playoff run for them and Vilma kind of
the cornerstone of that defense in 2009
especially when those guys are
struggling then you know you have a
problem no maybe they can turn around
but getting a getting injuries that kind
of getting in their way well that's the
problem for Sean Payton and of course
Greg Williams you can't fix health and
you're not going to make changes now
trade deadline gone they have to pray
for good health for the two players and
then it's time for Patrick Robinson to
step up for more news and notes analysis
and way we here at stay right where we
at pro football weekly calm we've got it
for you 24 hours a day seven days a week